I'd like to see how many crimes you can jump out of
Hey
You gamble in wine
That's right, this is Stu
Sent from home for loyal dancers
Real Cross Soft Warp Umbrella
The more powerful the person, the deeper the poisoning
Chen Meijuan, you have lost all your kung fu
I see how arrogant you are
Hahahaha
You blame it
You shouldn't offend a big family like the Situ family
We wouldn't be stupid enough to go with you
Dead dad
What are you talking to him about?
Broke his hands and feet
Send it to Situ's house to apologize
What the hell are you in a hurry for?
This kid is fucking
How many good things have broken for us these days?
Yeah, how much did you hit us?
That slap in the face
Now it's finally in my hands
I will make him kneel in front of me
I'm going to slap my face back
Yes, you hit me, you moved your face so many times
I'll take his clothes off now
Then walk our family 10 laps
See how he pretends to be pushy with me in the future
I have been bullied for starting a family these years
The adult family can't even lift their heads
It all depends on the Beixuan family to win the tide
We can't be ungrateful!
classroom
The Situzi family will come to us and we will do it, and they will be finished.
Why cross the sea into a city
Damn it!
It's not your place to speak yet
Leave me alone